The shipment is already in transit.
Let's just say that might have
regrettable consequences.
I wouldn't. Open your safe.
I'll pay you a lot of money to walk away.
Shut up. Open the safe.
- Who do you work for? CIA?
- Hurry up.
Kill her!
Someone!
Don't walk! Quick!
The woman's up there!
Up there! Kill her!
Catch that bitch!
Come on.
We both know how long these things take.
We need get it through customs.
Now, I'm working
on getting another shipment.
But without the support
from the consulate at the UN
we have no chance
of that happening on time.
I know, but we don't have time for that.
They're in the middle
of a malaria outbreak.
I'm working on another shipment,
but we have to get
what we have through customs now.
I'm gonna call you back.
Hey, you.
Are you early or am I late?
Hey.
- I missed you.
- I missed you, too.
Happy anniversary. Come see.
- Wait, that's too much.
- When we went on that wine run,
it was in the shop next door.
I saw you looking at it.
- My turn.
- No, no, no.
I need a redo gift.
I'm embarrassed. No, no, no.
My... My... My gift.
Big in Japan.
I love 'em.
They're my new favourite pant.
Although I do think that year two
is cotton. Three is leather.
Oh, you're so much better
at this than me.
Try this.
Wow. You really cracked out
the good stuff.
You're too good to me,
you know that?
Ain't it great?
And this is the last piece.
- Ah! How cute.
- They need a home.
Think about their little tails wagging.
Their hot breath on you in the morning.
No, no, I can't. I can't be trusted
to keep something alive.
I almost killed the both of us
with that omelette I made.
Well, they only eat kibble,
so you'll be fine.
Don't worry. We'll build up to it.
Let's get you fed.
No. Can I please just take you to
dinner? My treat. I got to redeem myself.
I love the pants.
I'm gonna wear them to dinner.
- Okay.
- Let's go.
Hm. This is an interesting route
to the restaurant.
-  Oh, really?
-  Yeah.
Feels like it's almost intentionally
out of the way.
- That's just in your head.
- Obviously, I have Alzheimer's.
Okay. I'm on to you. Sneaky way
to the proposal spot. Romantic stroll.
You really want that puppy, huh?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
- I resent all these accusations.
- You're the sickest person.
Do you remember that dinner we had
- with that German doctor we met in Iraq?
- Mm-hm.
He and I are going to New York
in a few weeks to raise some funds
and recruit some doctors.
And I thought you could come.
Finally take a proper holiday.
An actual vacation together.
It's been so long. I would love that.
Great.
It'd be great. You could show us
all your old college stomping grounds.
First kiss. Your first everything.
We're gonna need a longer vacation.
Besides my glory days,
what else is on the touristy menu?
Well, I'm still working out
some of the finer details.
-  Which are?
-  Like the Chelsea Hotel,
champagne, clothing optional.
Mm, okay.
Now you're piquing my interest.
-  Babe, is my phone out there?
- Yeah.
- You feeling all right?
- I am tired.
Trip took it out of me a little bit.
Why don't you stay home
from work today? Work from home?
I mean, bed. I mean...
I mean, let's just go back to bed.
That sounds so good.
I'd almost kill for that.
- Do you have plans this weekend?
- Not set in stone.
Okay. Don't make any.
- Bye.
Hey, how was the trip?
Views were incredible. Some of
the people could have been friendlier.
Hm. And the client?
Oh, I left him speechless.
- Hmm.
- Hmm. Oh.
Hey, a token of my appreciation.
For everything.
Ave, you shouldn't have.
- Oh!
- Don't worry. It's a knock-off.
It's beautiful. Thank you.
Thanks. How's Maggie?
Homesick. Lucky you married
a European. How are you and David?
Great. Except my anniversary gift
was a disaster.
Why didn't you tell me
there was some kind of gift list thing?
There is?
Next year's fruit.
Hey, don't beat yourself up.
You're doing fine.
Every marriage takes effort,
especially in our world.
You got plenty of time
to work out the kinks.
I tell you what. Why don't you let David
and I take you and Maggie for dinner?
Maybe she can share
some marriage pointers with me.
Oh, I'm sure she's got a whole bunch.
I'm proud of you, Ave.
We've come a long way
since Kandahar.
- Blake.
-  Yes, sir.
We have lots to discuss.
Pull up the files Avery got from Japan.
- Yes, sir.
- Let's go private and fire it up.
Pull up the intel in Kenji's black book.
Business firms
used for weapon shipments.
Officials he was paying off.
Terrorist networks he was supplying.
But the drive had a lot more than that
on it. Kali fulfilled a contract for him.
He's been deviating from his M.O.
for the last year.
Pull up the Triad file.
When you were in Japan, this went down
in Krakow, courtesy of the Russian mob.
Looks like the Triads were encroaching
on their customers.
Guess who's responsible?
Kali did another hit for the Russians?
Why is a top assassin solely taking
contracts for the Russian mob?
He also put a bullet in the head of
two undercover agents in South Africa.
Maybe this will help us identify him.
That would be one hell of a coup.
Good work, Agent Graves.
Finish your report,
and take the rest of the day.
Thank you, sir.
- Pull up Kali's file.
-  Yes, ma'am.
Arms dealers, drug runners.
All low grade targets.
Why are you deviating?
- Hi, neighbour.
- Hey, Abby.
Missed you at the gym
the last few days.
- Business trip.
- I'm jealous.
Hey, where did you go?
Someplace fun?
- Hi, Avery.
- Niklaus.
Missed you at the gym.
Hey, you and David want to come over
for dinner this weekend?
We have plans.
Don't be a stranger.
Hey, I'm home.
Honey?
Hey, I've been thinking
about our New York trip.
I've got a few ideas.
Who is this?
You're home early, Agent Graves.
Where's my husband?
Located in your sister CIA black site
is detainee number 0912749.
Hidden in his fake tooth is a file.
You are going to steal it for me.
You have nine hours to get me what I want
if you want to see your husband alive.
I want proof of life.
Once you have the file.
No. Proof of life or he's already dead.
And this phone call is over.
Avery...
David, listen to me!
There's your proof.
You touch him again, I will break
every bone in your fucking body.
There's a phone booth in an alleyway.
It will ring at midnight.
If you don't answer it
with the Canary Black file in hand,
your husband dies.
Failure to comply, as well as
any involvement from your agency,
will result in his execution.
- Hello?
-  Sorina, it's me.
- I need a favour.
- Fuck your favours.
A favour is a ride to the airport.
Not the usual bullshit you ask me to do.
You're a hacker.
Don't pretend just because you got
a real job, you suddenly have morals.
I'm at work.
Call one of your agency hacks.
No, this needs to be off the books.
Are you gonna do it?
Or am I telling the Russian FSB
about the time you hacked their servers?
Good.
I need you to ping the location of
the last incoming call to this cell phone.
Hang on.
The phone's a burner.
It's on the south side.
But I need more time
to triangulate the exact location.
As soon as I have it,
I'll text you the address.
So, are we good?
Hurry.
I sent you home early so you could
at least pretend to have a life.
You know me.
09... 749.
Come on, please.
Yeah.
You're not following
my instructions, Agent Graves.
Well, that's a character flaw of mine.
You think I didn't know
that you'd try to trace the call?
You just stepped on a pressure
activated explosive device.
Take a step and you lose your life.
- I'm listening.
- Then do exactly as you're told.
Your psych file is quite a read,
Agent Graves. "Psychologically astute.
"Prone to self-reliance,
"she's uniquely suitable as a lone wolf
due to her lack of a family unit
"and comfortability with high pressure
situations and covert identities.
"And a case history
of zero failed missions."
If anyone can get me the file, it's you.
So now that we've bonded, I'm assuming
you're gonna disarm this bomb.
There is a price
for disobeying instructions.
You're expendable.
Show me progress
and get me Canary Black.
Get to work, Agent Graves.
Tick tock.
Bouncing Betty, you asshole.
Can I help you, Agent Graves?
I need to talk to Agent Maxfield.
Service weapon.
Security protocol.
No outside weapons on site.
Maxfield.
What can I do for you, Agent Graves?
I believe detainee CPD0912749
has actionable intel
related to the case I'm assigned to.
I highly doubt that.
He's way above your pay grade.
An arms dealer tried to bargain with intel
he says he received from your detainee.
What intel?
He said it involved
an assassin named Kali.
I need to know what his connection is.
What did this detainee do exactly?
He got his hands on a top secret,
sensitive compartmented information file.
The scope of this breach is deadly.
What's he doing here?
Enjoying fewer rights
than if we took him to Guantanamo.
You don't get answers
by asking politely with a lawyer present.
We renditioned him here after we
caught him trying to get to Odessa.
You guys probably have baggage then.
Might be faster if I go in by myself.
I'll be in the other room... monitoring.
Mr Stoica.
I recently met with
a friend of yours in Japan.
Kenji Nakajima.
I don't know who that is.
Well, he knows you. According to him,
you backchannelled a meeting
because you had something to sell.
He didn't want guns.
Pull up Agent Graves' file.
He wanted cash and lots of it.
I can help you,
but this is a two-way street.
I heard the two of you discussed a file.
Canary Black.
Is this Agent Maxfield's idea?
Look around.
I'm the friendliest face in here.
So why don't you tell me about the file,
and then I can help you.
Fuck you, you American cunt.
Fuck you!
Shit!
I'm taking that file.
Where is it?
What the hell are you doing?
You don't pull that shit on my detainee.
Improvising.
We good?
You just killed your career,
Agent Graves!
Fix him up.
-  Go ahead.
- Get me Station Chief Hedlund.
Okay.
She has the file!
Lock it down!
Hey, stop!
Graves, down...
Don't move! Don't move!
Agent Graves, only way
you're leaving here is on a stretcher.
- Put the knife down.
- Not happening, Maxfield.
Read the room.
Open the door. Open the door.
Fuck!
Hunt her down. She's a threat
to national security.
- Redirect the plane.
-  Yes, sir.
What the...?
Deputy Director Evans.
Yes, sir. Just came over the wire now.
Yes, sir.
Agent Maxfield, I put you in charge
of finding Canary Black,
and it was right under your nose
the whole time.
I need a blow by blow
of what happened. Who is she?
My best, sir.
Her father worked for the agency.
Her mother was from the UK.
Both deceased. She was groomed
since she was 18.
Aced Langley,
passed the Wintertide programme
and pulled the Omar Jaziri job in Iraq.
There's no way that she's a traitor, sir.
That's exactly what she is right now.
You mark my words, Hedlund,
she's going in the ground
and you're the one
that's gonna put her there.
Yes, sir. What file are we after?
Canary Black.
It's a top-secret master list of blackmail
material for all government personnel.
We built it to keep track
of pressure points
foreign governments might use
to flip our people
into spies.
Legal, illegal, everything.
From the highest office
in the land to, uh...
Well, you, Hedlund.
That affair you had four years ago.
It's on the list.
If our enemies get their hands on this,
it will jeopardise
the very office of the president
and every department below it.
You have carte blanche to contain this.
I'm taking that file.
I don't understand.
She played you, Hedlund.
You're just too close to her to see it.
Where would she go?
She's a ghost if she wants to be.
- And her husband?
- Doesn't know who she is.
David Brooks, civilian.
Works in logistics and finance
for Doctors Without Frontiers.
A British national.
He's the only family she's got.
Besides you.
Okay. Bring him in.
Scrape her husband's phone calls, texts,
e-mails, credit cards,
and get me a map of where he's been.
-  Yes, sir.
- She has to trust someone.
Sir, his cell has been
off the grid for hours,
and he has an ATM withdrawal
in Vienna.
There was also a flight
booked this morning
under his name and Miss Olga Mirav.
That's one of her aliases.
It leaves Vienna in three hours for Rome.
He's on the run with her.
- Get me teams stationed at both airports.
-  Yes, sir.
Honey, this isn't the right time.
It's me.
Someone kidnapped David.
They want the Canary Black file.
But there was no file.
This could be Kali.
Well, I'm sorry to hear that.
I won't be home till late.
If I could know the contents,
maybe I can figure out who has David,
but it's beyond my clearance.
You know,
you really should get some rest.
This file is the only chance I have
of saving him.
Hey, don't worry about the dishes.
I'll do them when I get home.
Go to my house. See for yourself.
Yeah.
I am not a traitor.
Love you, too.
- Everything okay?
- Yeah. Yeah.
It's the wife.
A bit under the weather.
It's okay, Maggie.
I'm sure Jarvis will sort it out.
I have a set...
of keys.
Downstairs.
Ever consider the husband
was taken and the file is a ransom?
All this is a setup.
If that were the case,
she would have brought us in.
Rule number one
for a kidnap and ransom.
Tear this place apart.
You weren't answering your phone.
So you show up in person?
I need your help. Please.
I don't conduct business here.
I don't have time for decorum.
I'm fucked.
By who?
By whoever's blackmailing me.
And now my own agency, which is nice.
- And you're looking for safe passage?
- Information.
Get me a list of every foreign agent,
assassin and intel broker
- that's currently in town.
- That's expensive.
I have the cash in my safe house.
I'll pay you when it's done.
Also, I need you to go shopping.
Avery, coming here you're burning
a bridge. I hope it's worth it.
Any sign of her?
I'd ask him,
but there's a hole in his face.
Well, well, well.
Aren't we ambitious, Agent Graves?
Looks like I chose
the right woman for the job.
Just trying to crack that glass ceiling.
I took the liberty
of cashing out your rainy day fund.
Consider it a tax for jerking me around.
- Bring me the file.
- Your intel was wrong. There was no file.
Are you sure
that's the game you want to play?
Look, the tooth was empty.
Either you got it wrong or he ditched it
before they caught him.
Hello?
Listen to me. Listen to me!
I don't have it, but I can get it.
I just need some time.
Stoica had the file,
which means you have the file,
which is why your agency is after you.
It's 8:00 pm. That gives you four hours.
No, I need more...
Jesus Christ, Avery,
this is one hell of a mess.
I couldn't involve you.
You know that's impossible.
I had no choice.
They have my classified psych file.
They know everything about me.
Everyone's looking for you.
Deputy Director himself is flying in
to oversee the hunt.
Your house was clean.
David's made transactions in Vienna.
He bought two tickets, one with
your alias and we can't find him.
- Because he's been kidnapped.
- It's not the way it looks.
Of course, it's not how it looks.
It's how they want it to look.
They're setting me up to take the fall.
What the fuck is Canary Black?
It's a blackmail list.
The kompromat on everyone
in government with security clearance.
I'm on that list, Avery.
Even if you did have the file,
you couldn't make the exchange,
you know that.
- But, David...
- I know.
People like us need people
like David and Maggie.
- I can't lose him, Jarvis.
- We'll find him.
You've just got David killed.
They were gonna kill you.
I won't let that happen.
On the ground, now!
Get the fuck off me.
- Give me the file.
- I never had it.
Let's go.
Did you already make the transfer?
Who were you working with?
Who's the buyer? How did you know
about the file? Answer me!
I'm gonna take pleasure
in breaking you down, traitor.
How patriotic of you.
Shit. Shit.
Maxfield, we got company.
Get us to base camp.
Protect the asset at all cost.
They're boxing us in.
Get us out of here.
-  Don't stop!
-  Car in pursuit.
Requesting immediate backup.
Give me the file.
Niklaus. Where's David?
Niklaus, where is he?
Who are you working for?
Niklaus, give me a name.
Rurik, are you okay? Rurik, answer me.
By carte blanche, I didn't mean
create an international incident.
I have to temper the blowback
on this now with my counterpart.
It's one woman, dammit.
Just find her. We're going to the NSS.
Her husband never showed
at the airport in Vienna.
Like I said,
maybe she's been compromised.
More like her accomplices were worried
we snagged her
and her husband is in hiding.
I'm not buying it.
She betrayed you.
If that's not something you can handle,
then I can talk to Deputy Director Evans
and have you relieved.
Consider the angles.
And consider why the hell
none of these people have files.
Sir, police just found another body.
I'm pulling up the image.
That's Avery's neighbour.
Then we've got a sleeper cell
in our outfit.
Your outfit.
I want to know
who the hell these people are.
Rurik is dead.
I should have been there.
Soldiers die. That's the job.
- You've failed.
- We stopped them from getting her.
And now she's back on the run
with the file.
Once we get the file...
you'll have your revenge.
Thanks for the quick turnaround
and the gear.
Be thankful that I even showed.
I'm told Deputy Director Evans
just flew in to personally deal with you.
Good timing.
Do you have a list of names for me?
What's that? A tip?
My safe house was torched.
I don't go out of pocket for anyone.
They have a knack for dying
before paying the freight.
I can tell you who orchestrated
the assassination attempt
on the French ambassador last month.
I wouldn't be very good at my job
if I didn't already know that, would I?
I can give you access to a drop box for
a Russian cell operating out of the UK.
Give me the Rolls Royce of intel
or find yourself another patron saint.
Kenji Nakajima's dealmaker
on the UN Security Council.
Pierre Delacourt.
His cut is routed through
his wife's Panamanian shell corporation.
The Kruger brothers are here.
Vanya Stover, Stavros the Greek, Kali.
Kali's in town?
That's the rumour.
They say he owes.
The Russians said that.
If anybody's capable of this, it's him.
There's not a debt in the world
this file couldn't pay off.
What about this guy?
He called himself Niklaus,
but his name's Rurik. Austrian.
He and his wife were my neighbours
for the past eight months.
His name is Rurik van Klaus.
Private contractor.
He worked in Chechnya,
Libya, Ukraine.
How does the CIA not have him on file?
Ghosts live longer.
I picked up your shopping list.
Don't call me again.
-  Deputy Director Evans?
- Yeah.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Director Breznov will see you now.
- Okay, let's go. Wait here.
- Yes, sir.
Thank you for seeing me
on such short notice.
As you know, we have an issue
that needs containment.
You have a rogue agent
on foreign soil. My soil.
It's your turf.
We want to handle this diplomatically.
Your agency had a gunfight
in the middle of the city.
I have dead bodies, burned out cars
and zero patience
for your version of events.
You'll find we're very generous
to our friends.
And this agent. What did she do?
She stole top secret information.
What exactly do you have in mind?
We work together to hunt her down.
In the light of bilateral cooperation
and preferential treatment,
I accept your offer.
But when she's caught, I want to be
the first one to interrogate her.
Hello.
I'd like a room for two nights, please.
And preferably
the west side of the third floor.
Can't get enough of that view.
- That shouldn't be a problem. Miss?
- Olivia Oxley.
Stop fucking interrupting me then!
Keep up appearances.
Anyone asks,
it's a pre-scheduled meeting with Breznov
regarding international
intelligence protocols.
- I'll be working from my room.
- Yes, sir.
Goodnight, sir.
You're wearing a mute mask.
Help! Get in here!
Scream, shout. It won't matter.
It controls the decibel level
of your voice.
Stoica didn't have the file.
Nor did I betray my country.
What do you call this?
Last resort. Somebody kidnapped
my husband to get it.
If that's true, then I'm telling you
we can handle this together.
There's more than one life
at stake here.
No one knows what's at stake here
more than I do.
I don't think you do.
You turn over that file,
you're both dead. I promise you.
You have the file
and you're gonna give it to me.
I get my husband back.
You get your little file back.
Password?
Agent Graves,
keep your emotions in check.
Use your goddamn head.
I'm giving you one chance to walk away.
I assume you've heard
of the Wintertide programme.
The PSYOP stress test.
What about it?
I survived it.
You want to know what they found?
That you're a crazy bitch?
We're not really using that word
to describe women anymore,
especially in the workplace.
There's been a whole thing.
What they found is that I have
an extremely high tolerance for pain.
Are you willing to find out how much pain
you can take, Deputy Director Evans?
I'm your goddamn superior.
How dare you threaten me?
I appreciate the bravado
as much as the next girl.
I will hunt you
to the ends of the earth for this.
I'm having kind of a shitty day, sir,
so I'm really gonna need the next words
out of your mouth to be,
"My password is..."
I, Nathan Evans,
do solemnly swear to support,
defend the Constitution
of the United States
against all enemies,
foreign and domestic...
Jesus fucking Christ!
Password?
Victory, Maker, Charlie,
3-0-9-1.
God!
Keep this up, I'm gonna move on
to something you're really gonna hate.
Archer, Dexter, Travis, 2-2-3-8.
Like I said,
foreign and domestic.
Now you're just pissing me off, sir.
This is a remote detonator.
I'm gonna ask you one more time
for your password.
If you lie to me again, I'm going to
blow your fucking head off.
Canary Black is Armageddon.
You'll destroy the world as we know it.
Password?
Bravo, Delta, Zulu, 5-7-2-3.
It won't do you any good. You can
only access the file on a secure server.
You're a smart one.
- Hello?
- Sorina, I have one more job for you.
I need you to find the nearest
secure server with CIA access.
This is the last time.
Jarvis speaking.
Jarvis, I need your help.
This is gonna put you in a bad spot.
That's gonna be tricky.
The anvil's dropping. About earlier...
I need the blueprints
for PLK Technologies.
The defence contractor.
They have a military contract
with the DOD.
It means they have a secure server
to send top secret material.
You realise what you're asking?
They'll trace it back to me immediately.
- It's treason.
- You're the only one I can ask.
I'll see what I can do.
This could be Kali.
Yep. Yep. That's the deal. Payment
for any intel leading to her capture.
You've always believed in me.
Believe in me now.
Hey. Thanks for showing up.
Like I had a choice.
Let's just get this over with.
What's the plan?
Go in and shoot up the place.
Not if I can help it.
Ten minutes. In and out.
The drone is a prototype.
Autonomy sucks. Still has some glitches.
I'll bring it back.
Just give me a warning.
Are you trying to steal industrial secrets
or something?
I left my purse inside.
Lock decoder. Earpiece.
- Are you ready?
- One minute.
Come on, Jarvis. Come through.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
- Com check.
- Loud and clear. Take me up.
- You hanging in there?
- Save the jokes.
Come and get me in ten.
Come on, come on, come on.
Shit. Oh, shit.
Oh, Christ. Help!
Somebody get in here now!
I don't know why he's not answering, sir.
I'm almost at his room. Did he leave?
No, ma'am.
Open the door.
-  Hey!
- Director Evans!
Get the mask. Get the mask.
- Get this bomb off of me!
-  Fuck.
Your badge was just used to access
a secure server at PLK Technologies, sir.
It's Agent Graves!
She's stealing Canary Black.
Kill access to the server. Inform PLK
Technologies they've been breached.
Server room breach. Lock it down.
Change of plan.
Get that drone in the air, now.
Uh, okay.
Just... Just give me a second.
It's a big building.
Where am I going?
I need that drone on the 34th floor.
Eastside hallway window.
Freeze! Don't move!
I need that drone, now!
Shit.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Avery!
Avery, are you alive?
Uh... barely.
Sorina, meet me where we first met.
Uh, yeah. Yeah. I'll be there.
- Oh, my God. Are you okay?
- No.
Wait, hey! My car!
Hey, come back here!
Stop, you crazy bitch!
Oh, my God. I'm so fired.
She broke two of my fingers,
strapped a fucking bomb to my neck.
I want her dead.
No, I'm coming to you.
Our girl just broke into secured facility.
I want everyone and everything
in their places standing by.
You're crazy.
You know that, right?
Get your laptop.
I need to know what's on this.
Hurry. I'm running out of time.
Do you know how much that drone cost?
I'm so fucked.
Holy shit.
That's not a blackmail list.
It's a virus. It looks like it corrupts
and encrypts all internet traffic,
locks down all the devices connected to it
and the result will be full system crash.
No e-mail, credit cards, communication,
military satellites.
It's a doomsday virus.
Is it targeted?
Yeah. One for each country.
It uses country code
top level domain targeting,
ISP and IP geotargeting
and geofencing.
So could you target a specific country
without it affecting your own?
Looks that way.
But to use that option...
Would stop the world from spinning.
Can you encrypt it for me?
The people who want this, they'll use it.
I need to be sure they can't.
I can't guarantee that.
Time's up.
- Come on.
- A programme like this, if it's launched,
there is no way to undo it.
Forget you saw this.
What the fuck?!
My drone and my laptop?!
I need your phone.
This doesn't sound like Kali's MO.
Get the fuck out of the way!
-  Are you okay?
- No. Sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm here.
Come on. Please, please, please.
I'm here. Please call. Please, please.
I want every agent, private contractor
and informant on the case.
- Tear this city apart and find her.
- We're working on it, sir.
SIGINT is scraping all mobile
and electronic traffic in the city,
and we're running facial recognition
profiles with CCTV.
Why don't we know
who she's working for, huh?
Pull up a list of all foreign operatives
in the country.
Her investigations for the last year
are all about Kali. Right?
Is that who she's working for?
There's nothing to suggest that, sir.
Sir, it's the director.
Sir. No, sir. We are...
That is correct, sir.
-  Ready?
-  Yes, sir.
I've decrypted
the Canary Black files
and pre-loaded
the requested country file.
Let's go live.
As the world becomes more connected
through technology,
so too comes our need to work together.
Our shared enemies are becoming
increasingly sophisticated
and have a deep understanding
of the blind spots of global policing.
Ladies and gentlemen.
I'm here to ask you
a very simple question.
Do you want your country to survive?
You need to see this.
There's a potential threat.
We live in a world
where bullies thrive...
The weak kneel to survive.
But tonight, you are all equal
and must kneel together.
Care of the United States government,
I have in my possession Canary Black.
It's a geo-targeted computer virus
that will end internet use as you know it.
We had nothing to do with this.
There's a file
for each and every one of you.
Stock markets will crash.
Government institutions will freeze.
Chaos will be inevitable.
The ransom for saving your country
is 1% of your nation's GDP.
The cost of non-compliance,
however, will be far more expensive.
As an example of my determination,
please direct your attention
to the country of... Singapore.
You have each been sent an account
in which to pay the required amount.
This is non-negotiable.
You have one hour to comply.
The entire world will be hunting us.
Can they really pay in an hour?
The more time
we give them, the more exposed we are.
Prepare to steal a trillion dollars.
Pull up the Singapore satellite feeds
and country analytics.
What's going on?
They just unleashed Canary Black
on Singapore.
If someone doesn't pay, the world
stops turning or he starts World War III.
That's one hell of a blackmail file.
It's more than that.
We built Canary Black
as a pre-emptive first strike weapon
to counter the increasing threat
of cyber warfare.
It's a digital nuke
in the cyber arms race.
It's the highest level of clearance.
Even the president
doesn't know about it.
We also built a US file inside it,
in case of a civil war,
a coup or an invasion.
There is no workaround,
you understand?
We need to find out where the hell
this broadcast is coming from.
Where's Station Chief Hedlund?
♪ Her eyes, there was her eyes
Her eyes, her whole heart...
Drop your gun... slowly.
We have a tourist.
Station Chief Hedlund.
This is an unpleasant surprise.
Breznov. You're behind this.
- Is he alone?
- Yes.
Where's Avery? Is she alive?
If you're alone,
that means you're helping her,
which means CIA is not aware.
- Is she alive?!
- You should know better, Hedlund.
Don't get attached
to people you can't save.
The agency will hunt you to the grave.
You've grown old, my friend.
You're stuck in the Cold War,
while I'm fighting a digital one.
Cold War. Digital war.
Only the assholes change.
Kill his phone and dump his body.
Consider me impressed, Avery Graves.
Breznov.
I have Canary Black, and now the world
will pay for your weakness.
You've made me a very rich man.
You're a bleeding-heart nationalist.
This can't just be about money.
And you are an arrogant American
with a saviour complex.
The reign of the global superpower
is over.
You all treat the rest of the world
like servants. But for no longer.
If you release those files,
millions of people will die.
Collateral casualties
in a war without bullets.
You're blaming the wrong person, Avery.
It is the United States who built Canary
Black to be used one day, and it pays.
No, no, it doesn't have to be.
Let me see David. We had a deal.
I consider myself a man of my word.
How did you find me?
By looking in the gutter.
My father was a patriot.
He used this space to interrogate men
sent to kill him.
This has always been a place
where tyrants come to die.
David.
Oh, my God. I'm so sorry.
No! You don't need him.
We had an agreement.
- We had an ultimatum.
- Fuck you!
Make it last.
Shit...
You have a lot to talk about.
Your programme is taking us all
to the brink of collapse.
This is not our programme.
It's an act of sabotage
against my country.
It's an extinction-level event
for our economy.
What do we do?
They should pay for everyone's ransom.
...wants an answer.
South Korea paid 10.7 billion dollars.
10.4 billion dollars from Mexico.
China, too, 180 billion!
I want total silence!
Mr President.
I'm working on it.
Yes, sir. In light of the danger
I have to recommend again that we pay.
It'll buy us time
to figure out who's behind this.
Mr President.
This is for Rurik.
David Brooks doesn't know
how to do that.
I'm sorry, honey.
I didn't mean for this to happen.
Who the fuck are you?
Your husband.
Tell me the truth or I swear to God,
I'll shoot you myself.
Breznov knows about Canary Black
because I told him.
It was the only leverage I had.
My source said that
Stoica still had the file on him.
We had to make you believe that
I'd been kidnapped so you'd go and get it.
This isn't answering
any of my questions.
I botched a job for the Russian mob.
They saddled me with a $20 million debt
and snitched my identity to Breznov.
But the plan went to shite
because there was no file
and Breznov said he would kill you.
You're Kali.
No, then...
Jesus Christ.
So everything is a lie.
No. No. Not our marriage.
Our whole life together was totally real.
I'm sorry. I was trying to protect us.
I will deal with Breznov
and I will make this right, I promise.
Fuck you. Find a way to cut their internet
feed. I'm gonna stop Breznov.
My Treasury Department made a transfer.
Brazil and Sweden have paid as well.
Same with Italy, Egypt and Greece.
We have no choice.
We have to transfer the money.
Otherwise, we might not have
a working country in eight minutes!
We can't allow you
to be known as the president
that destroyed his country.
Pay it.
No matter what happens,
I will not let the US get away with this.
We must protect
our country at all costs.
1.4 billion from Morocco.
Japan is in. 40 billion.
They're ghosting the system.
It could take days to find out
- where the source of the feed is.
- You got minutes.
China and Russia elevated their alert
status. The EU is doing the same.
Everyone is pointing the finger at us.
Find me Agent Graves! Where's Hedlund?
M.I.A. Phone's off.
We're pinging his cell for a location.
His cell is currently located
in the Gretsch neighbourhood.
Also, his computer logs show
he accessed the PLK building blueprints
right before it was broken into.
This entire station is compromised.
I want a full tactical team
to hit that location, now.
- Let's move.
- Should we inform Breznov?
Let's contain this ourselves.
We're at 940 billion.
The EU. The US.
They all paid.
Ready the files for China, Russia,
Germany, France, the UK
and the United States of America.
It's time to level the playing field.
- What the hell is going on?
-  It must be overloaded.
Check the breaker.
Come on, hurry.
Make it operational. Quick.
Guys, flip the breaker switches!
Has the breaker tripped?
We need to make sure
the lines are connected.
How long until it's operational again?
I don't know yet.
- We need to turn on the backup batteries.
-  I'm on it.
What's taking so long? Hurry up.
How long will this take...? Hurry.
You go that way.
-  How much longer?
-  Ten seconds.
Seal this room.
Launch the files!
- Launch the files!
- I can't! The routers are down!
- We need to get upstairs!
- Grab the laptop, move it!
Somebody kill her!
Go!
Come on!
Go, go, go!
I'll cover you. I'll sweep the area.
Come on, come on.
Open the door, hurry!
Move, move, move.
Come on, come on!
Go! Go!
Get online.
Help me! Breznov!
Breznov. Please.
Get to that
computer or I'll shoot you myself.
I don't suppose I can bribe you
with billions of dollars.
You're the only woman in this world
who would turn down that money.
You're putting up a better fight
than your husband ever did.
You fucking bitch.
Will you fucking die?!
Not my fucking time.
Honey...
Avery...
Are you okay?
I'll live.
So... where do we even start?
Listen, if I could go back
and undo everything I would,
except loving you and you letting me.
We can start over. On our own terms,
with no secrets, no lies.
We can fix this.
We have each other, just like always.
Do we? I'm not so sure.
I loved you, David.
Go, go, go!
What are you...? No.
-  Some things are beyond fixing.
-  No.
This is one of them.
We can get through this.
Just give me one more chance.
Avery.
We don't get a happy ever after, David.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Drop your weapons!
-  Stay down on your knees.
-  Drop your weapons!
-  Stay where you are.
-  Don't move!
I love you.
- David!
-  Stay down!
Don't move!
-  Hands, hands!
-  Stay down!
You know what this is?
Every oath of allegiance you broke.
The estimated damages caused,
the crimes you committed.
You got your co-conspirator
mentor killed,
your co-conspirator husband killed.
You took the entire world
to the brink of war.
A bad luck charm for anyone
that crosses your path.
And when we dredge up
your husband's body,
he'll be buried in a landfill
like the trash he is.
You... have no country.
You have no rights.
You do not exist anymore.
I own you. And for the rest
of your miserable life,
I'm gonna make sure
you remember that. But first...
I'm gonna return the favour.
God... Goddamn it.
Seems you require medical attention.
That will be all, Deputy Director Evans.
Who the hell are you?
You should be receiving a call
right about now
that will explain the situation.
Do close the door on your way out.
Mr President? Yes, sir.
Quite the tempest you've stirred,
Mrs Graves.
Who are you?
My friends call me Elizabeth.
I'd like to offer you a job.
You've proven your skills to be exemplary.
And I hire only the best.
I'd like you to join MC6.
I don't know what that is.
Well, that's because until tonight,
we didn't exist.
I suppose I should thank you for that.
We're tasked with handling
only the most critical missions
on the highest scale of the threat alert
beyond the capabilities
of the other agencies.
Now, I can make all of this
unpleasantness disappear.
Unless, of course, you'd like to rot
in prison for the rest of your life.
That's assuming they can contain me.
Is that a yes?
We could use you.
The world needs saving.